<link href="../whirlwind.css" rel="stylesheet">

<whirlheader>
    <p>Gary</p>
    <p>Swaminathan 3</p>
    <p>August 21</p>
</whirlheader>

# The AMS Trick

Take $(X^{2n},\omega)$, $A\in H_2(X, \mathbb{Z})$, and $J$ an $\omega$-tame almost complex structure on $X$. This gives $\overline{\mathcal{M}}_0(X,A,J)$ which consists of $J$-holomorphic maps $u$ from trees of spheres $\Sigma$ to $X$ with $u_k[\Sigma]=A$.

<theorem>
<src>Abouzaid, McLean, Smith, 2021</src>

$\overline{\mathcal{M}}_0(X,A,J)$ has a global Kuranishi chart, constructed often making some choices, but the resulting chart is unique up to equivalence.

</theorem>

<proposition>

Let
$$
\overline{\mathcal{M}}_0^*(\mathbb{CP}^d, d )=\left\{ f: \Sigma\to \mathbb{CP}^d \text{ a degree }d \text{ genus }0\text{ stable map}\right|f\text{ is non-degenerate}\}
$$
where non-degenerate means the image of $f$ is not contained in any hyperplane on $\mathbb{CP}^n$. Then there is a smooth quasi-projective variety of the expected dimension. 

</proposition>

Here is an example of a non-degenerate function:

<example>

$$
\mathbb{P}^1 \to \mathbb{P}^d \\
[u,v]\mapsto [u^d; u^{d-1}v, ..., v^d]
$$

</example>

The proposition gives rise to a nontrivial family

<!-- \begin{tikzcd}
	{\mathcal{C}} & {\mathbb{CP}^d} \\
	{\overline{\mathcal{M}}_0^*(\mathbb{CP}^n, d)}
	\arrow[from=1-1, to=1-2]
	\arrow[from=1-1, to=2-1]
\end{tikzcd} -->

 where $\mathcal{C}$ is also a smooth, quasiprojective variety.

$\mathcal{L}\to Z$ induces $Z\stackrel{[s_0:...:s_p]}{\hookrightarrow} \mathbb{CP}^n$ where $s_0,...,s_n \in H^0(Z, \mathcal{L})$ with no common zero. 

Let's recall some basic definitions about ample line bundles. 

<definition>

$\mathcal{L}$ is **very ample** if $\exists s_0,...,s_n \in H^0(Z, \mathcal{L})$ such that we get an embedding $Z\stackrel{[s_0:...:s_n]}{\hookrightarrow} \mathbb{CP}^n$

</definition>

<definition>

$ \mathcal{L}$ is **ample** if there exists $m>1$ such that $L^{\otimes m}$ is very ample.

</definition>

If $Z$ is a cone, then $\mathcal{L}$ is ample $\leftrightarrow$ $\deg \mathcal{L}>0$ on each component of $Z$.

<lemma>
<src>AMS Trick</src>

Suppose $Z$ is a compact complex manifold $\mathcal{L}\to Z$ is an ample line bundle and $ \mathcal{E}\to Z$ is a holomorphic vector bundle, and endow everything with the Hermitian action. For $k\gg 1$, define 
$$
W_k := \text{Image} \left( H^0(Z, \mathcal{E} \otimes \mathcal{L}^{\otimes k})\otimes_{\mathbb{C}} \overline{H^0(Z, \mathcal{L}^{\otimes k})} \stackrel{\langle \cdot, \cdot \rangle}{\longrightarrow} \Omega^0(Z, \mathcal{E})\right).
$$

As $k\to \infty$, $W_k$ provides an $L^2$ extension of $\Omega^0(Z, \mathcal{E})$, i.e. for all $\xi \in \Omega^0(Z, \mathcal{E}), \exists k\gg 1$ and $\eta \in W_k$ such that $\langle \xi, \eta \rangle_{L_2}\neq 0$. 

</lemma>

# Construction 

## Line Bundles on $X$

Approximate $\Omega$ by a symplectic form $\Omega$ which tames $J$ and satisfies $[\Omega] \in H^2(X, \mathbb{Q})$. Clear the denominator to get $[\Omega] \in H^2(X, \mathbb{Z})/\text{torsion}$ which implies that there exists a $C^\infty$ complex line bundle $L_\Omega \to X$ such that $c_1(L_\Omega)=[\Omega]$.

From Chern-Weil theory, we have the following lemma:

<lemma>

There exists a Hermitian metric and a Hermitian connection $\nabla$ on $L_\Omega$ such that its curvature is $-2\pi i \Omega$.

</lemma>

Notation: $[\Omega]\cdot A=d$.

## Framed Genus 0 Curves 

Start with a (genus $0$) $J$-holomorphic stable $u:\Sigma\to X$. Then $u^*|_\Sigma \to \Sigma$ has a holomorphic structured generated by $(u^*\nabla)^{0,1}$. We know that $\int u^* \Omega \ge 0$ on each component of $\Sigma$ where $u$ is $J$-holomorphic and $\Omega$ tames $J$. We know that $\int u^*\Omega >0$ on each unstable component. This implies that the line bundle $u^*L_\Omega$ has non-negative degree on each component $\Sigma$ and positive degree on each unstable component of $\Sigma$.

From last time, we know that 
$$
\dim_{\mathbb{C}} H^0(\Sigma, u^*L_\Omega)=d+1, \\
H^1(\Sigma, u^* L_\Omega) = 0.
$$

Choose a basis $F=(f_0,...,f_d)$ of $H^0(\Sigma, u^*L_\Omega)$, called a **framing**. Consider the degree $d$ genus $0$ stable map 
$$
\Sigma \stackrel{\Phi_F=[f_0:...:f_d]}{\longrightarrow} \mathbb{CP}^d
$$
Then $(\Sigma, \Phi_F) \in \overline{\mathcal{M}}_0^*(\mathbb{CP}^d, d)$. So we have 

FIX THIS DIAGRAM LATER
<!-- \begin{tikzcd}
	\Sigma & {\mathcal{C}} & {\mathbb{CP}^d} \\
	{(\Sigma, \Phi_F)} & {\overline{\mathcal{M}}_0^*(\mathbb{CP}^d, d)}
	\arrow["{i_F}", hook, from=1-1, to=1-2]
	\arrow[from=1-1, to=2-1]
	\arrow[from=1-2, to=1-3]
	\arrow[from=1-2, to=2-2]
	\arrow["\in"{description}, no body, from=2-1, to=2-2]
\end{tikzcd} -->

where $i_F$ is a embedding as a fiber.

$$
H(\Sigma, u, F) = \left( \int_\Sigma \langle f_i, f_j \rangle u^*\Omega \right)_{0\le i, j \le d}
$$
is a Hermitian positive definite $(d+1)\times (d+1)$ matrix.

<definition>

A **framed genus 0 curve in $X$** is a tuple $(\Sigma, u,F)$ where 
1. $\Sigma$ is a nodal genus 0 curve.
2. $u: \Sigma \to X$ is a $C^\infty$ map in class $A$ such that $\int u^*\Omega \ge 0$ on each component of $\Sigma$ and $\int u^*\Omega > 0$ on each unstable component.
3. $F: (f_0,...,f_d)$ is a basis of $H^0(\Sigma, u^*L_\Omega)$ such that the matrix $H(\Sigma, u, F)$ is positive definite.

</definition>

So $(\Sigma, u, F)\sim (\Sigma',u', F')$ if 

FIX THIS IMAGE LATER:
<!-- \begin{tikzcd}
	\Sigma \\
	&& X \\
	{\Sigma'}
	\arrow["u", from=1-1, to=2-3]
	\arrow["\varphi"', from=1-1, to=3-1]
	\arrow["\cong", from=1-1, to=3-1]
	\arrow["{u'}"', from=3-1, to=2-3]
\end{tikzcd} -->

## Achieving Transversality 

Choose 
1. A relatively ample line bundle $\mathcal{L}$ on $\mathcal{C} \to \overline{\mathcal{M}}_0^* ( \mathbb{CP}^d, d)$ equipped with a Hermitian metric such that the natural $U(d+1)$ action on $\overline{\mathcal{M}}_0^*(\mathbb{CP}^d, d)$ lifts to an action of $\mathcal{L}$ and preserves the metric. 
2. A $\mathbb{C}$-linear connection on $T^{*\text{ }0,1} \mathcal{C}$ which is an invariant under the $U(d+1)$ action. 
3. A $\mathbb{C}$-linear connection on $TX$ (viewed as a $\mathbb{C}$-vector bundle on $J$)
4. A large integer $k\gg 1$.

For more details, see <src>Horschi, Swaminathan, 2021, Section 2.1</src>.

<proposition>

The **thickening** $\mathcal{T}$ is the space of tuples $(\Sigma, u, F, \eta)$ where 
1. $(\Sigma, u, F)$ is a framed genus $0$ curve in $X$
2. We have
    $$ 
    \eta \in H^0(\Sigma, u^*TX\otimes i_F^*(T^{* \text{ }0,1}\mathcal{C}\otimes \mathcal{L}^{\otimes k}))\otimes_{\mathbb{C}} \overline{H^0(\Sigma, i_F^* \mathcal{L}^{\otimes k})}
    $$
    satisfying the equation 
    $$
    \overline{\partial}_J u + \langle \eta \rangle \circ di_F=0
    $$

</proposition>

<proposition>

The **obstruction bundle** $\mathcal{E}\to \mathcal{T}$ is a vector bundle whose fiber over $(\Sigma, u, F, \eta)$ is 
$$
E_{(\Sigma, u, F)}\oplus \mathcal{H}_{d+1}
$$
where $\mathcal{H}_{d+1}$ is a space of $(d+1)\times (d+1)$ Hermitian matrices. 

</proposition>

<proposition>

The **obstruction section** is 
$$
\mathcal{S}(\Sigma, u, F, \eta)=(\eta, \log \mathcal{H}(\Sigma, u, F)).
$$

</proposition>

<proposition>

The **symmetry group** is 
$$
G=U(d+1).
$$

</proposition>

The key point is that $\mathcal{T}$ is cut out transversally for $k\gg 1$ by the AMS trick.
